			Git Cheat Sheet(Please feel free to update it with more useful commands)
			
	! Even though you are interacting with a remote repository everything is still happening locally ! 
	! Have to manually retrieve and push changes to the remote repository !
	git init - initialise a new repository 
	git status - check weather there are any changed or new files
	1. git add fileName - for staging the new changes
	2. git add . - stage everything
	3. git add *.java - stage by pattern
	4. touch .gitignore / write file names or pattern inside the file / 
	git rm - for removing staged changes
	1. git commit - for committing to the repository / I - to insert a message / Esc - to exict insert mode / :wq - rewrite the current file and git will finish commit
	2. git commit -m 'Change message'
   !3. git commit -a -m 'Change message' - automatic staging of only OLD files !!! New files still need to be added manually !!!
	git log - commit history
	git branch NameOfBranch 
	git checkout NameOfBranch / git checkout master
	in master / git merge NameOfBranch / if there a conflicts they have to be fixed manually OR install WinMerger (or other) and configure git to use it with ---> git mergetool
	git stash - stashes the changes you made on one branch so they don't show and you can use them later (that way they are ignored and you do a merge) / used after diff b/n branches and git status
	git stash apply - to continue your work
	git remote -v (origin is an alias for the repo that was cloned so can be used in commands instead of the URL)
	git clone URL
	git fetch origin - gets any changes from the server since you last cloned or fetched (may have to merge manually if there are conflicts)
	git pull origin - automatically fetches and merges all the changes from the remote branch to your current branch
	git commit -a -m 'changes' 
	git push origin master - to push your changes to the remote repository known as origin, and commit them to the master branch / need to give credentials
	git remote add MyRepo URL - to add remote repository
	git clean -f -n -> Show what will be deleted with the -n option
	git clean -f -> Then - beware: this will delete files - run (For more: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/61212/how-do-i-remove-local-untracked-files-from-my-current-git-branch)
	git reset --hard HEAD  --> Remove changes back to head
	git diff -- myfile.txt -->  If you want to see what you haven't git added yet
	git diff --cached -- myfile.txt --> f you want to see already-added changes
	
	-------Tricks----------
	- Change the URI (URL) for a remote Git repository: 
		git remote set-url origin git://new.url.here
		(see git help remote) or you can just edit .git/config and change the URLs there.